README.md, before:

# Emarsys Homework

## Project requirements
* gnu-make
* docker (with compose plugin)

## Original requirements
### The problem
We are looking for a solution that implements a due date calculator in an issuetracking
system. Your task is to implement the CalculateDueDate method:
* Input: Takes the submit date/time and turnaround time.
* Output: Returns the date/time when the issue is resolved.

### Rules
* Working hours are from 9AM to 5PM on every working day, Monday to Friday.
* Holidays should be ignored (e.g. A holiday on a Thursday is considered as a
working day. A working Saturday counts as a non-working day.).
* The turnaround time is defined in working hours (e.g. 2 days equal 16 hours).
If a problem was reported at 2:12PM on Tuesday and the turnaround time is
16 hours, then it is due by 2:12PM on Thursday.
* A problem can only be reported during working hours. (e.g. All submit date
values are set between 9AM to 5PM.)
* Do not use any third-party libraries for date/time calculations (e.g. Moment.js,
Carbon, Joda, etc.) or hidden functionalities of the built-in methods.

### Additional info
* Use your favourite programming language.
* Do not implement the user interface or CLI.
* Do not write a pseudo code. Write a code that you would commit/push to a
repository and which solves the given problem.
* You have 72 hours to submit your solution.
* You can submit your solution even if you have not finished it fully.

### Bonus – Not mandatory
* Including automated tests to your solution is a plus.
* Test-driven (TDD) solutions are especially welcome.
* Clean Code (by Robert. C. Martin) makes us happy.

Commit message:

test: added test for the dueDateCalculator expected work

README.md, after:

# Emarsys Homework

## Project requirements
* gnu-make
* docker (with compose plugin)

## Running the tests
First make sure the dependencies are installed
```shell
make install-deps
```
then run the tests
```shell
make test
```

## Assumptions

> A problem can only be reported during working hours

* This probably means that a problem is probably cannot be reported on non-working days as well
* Because of this, I safely assume that a problem realistically cannot be submitted right at 09:00:00 when the day starts, so I not plan to add specific code currently to handle that edge case

## Original requirements
### The problem
We are looking for a solution that implements a due date calculator in an issuetracking
system. Your task is to implement the CalculateDueDate method:
* Input: Takes the submit date/time and turnaround time.
* Output: Returns the date/time when the issue is resolved.

### Rules
* Working hours are from 9AM to 5PM on every working day, Monday to Friday.
* Holidays should be ignored (e.g. A holiday on a Thursday is considered as a
working day. A working Saturday counts as a non-working day.).
* The turnaround time is defined in working hours (e.g. 2 days equal 16 hours).
If a problem was reported at 2:12PM on Tuesday and the turnaround time is
16 hours, then it is due by 2:12PM on Thursday.
* A problem can only be reported during working hours. (e.g. All submit date
values are set between 9AM to 5PM.)
* Do not use any third-party libraries for date/time calculations (e.g. Moment.js,
Carbon, Joda, etc.) or hidden functionalities of the built-in methods.

### Additional info
* Use your favourite programming language.
* Do not implement the user interface or CLI.
* Do not write a pseudo code. Write a code that you would commit/push to a
repository and which solves the given problem.
* You have 72 hours to submit your solution.
* You can submit your solution even if you have not finished it fully.

### Bonus – Not mandatory
* Including automated tests to your solution is a plus.
* Test-driven (TDD) solutions are especially welcome.
* Clean Code (by Robert. C. Martin) makes us happy.
